lua: Allow to set header entry as table to httpCall and respond APIs (#7851)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/intro/version_history.rst

* http: added the ability to reject HTTP/1.1 requests with invalid HTTP header values, using the runtime feature `envoy.reloadable_features.strict_header_validation`.
* http: added the ability to :ref:`merge adjacent slashes<envoy_api_field_config.filter.network.http_connection_manager.v2.HttpConnectionManager.merge_slashes>` in the path.
* listeners: added :ref:`HTTP inspector listener filter <config_listener_filters_http_inspector>`.

> * lua: extended `httpCall()` and `respond()` APIs to accept headers with entry value that can be string or table of strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* lua: extended `httpCall()` and `respond()` APIs to accept headers with entry values that can be a string or table of strings.
```

Author: Done. Thank you!
